What is HTTP?

-HTTP is a protocol for fetching resources such as HTML documents. 
It is the foundation of any data exchange on the Web and it is a client-server 
protocol, which means requests are initiated by the recipient, 
usually the Web browser.


What is a URL?

-URL is one of the key concepts of the Web. It is the mechanism used by browsers to retrieve any 
published resource on the web.

URL stands for Uniform Resource Locator. A URL is nothing more than the address 
of a given unique resource on the Web. In theory, each valid URL points to a unique resource. 


What is DNS?
-The Domain Name System (DNS) is the phonebook of the Internet. Humans access information online
through domain names, like nytimes.com or espn.com. Web browsers interact through Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses. DNS translates domain names to IP addresses so browsers can load Internet resources.

What is a query string?
A query string is the portion of a URL where data is passed to a web application and/or back-end database.


What are two HTTP verbs and how are they different?
GET and POST. GET allows a client to receive information from a server. POST allows the client to recieve
the information and also edit it. 

What is an HTTP request?
An HTTP request is made from a client to a host located on the server in order to receive a 
resource needed to build the content.
When they make a request, clients use a URL (Uniform Resource Locator) that contains the information 
needed to access the server resources.

What is an HTTP response?
The server returns a response to the client. The response contains status information about the 
request and may also contain the requested content.

What is an HTTP header? Give a couple examples of request and response headers you have seen.
An HTTP header is a field of an HTTP request or response that passes additional context and metadata
about the request or response. Examples include:
Accept: text/html,application/xhtml+xml,application/xml;q=0.9,*/*;q=0.8
Accept-Language: en-us,en;q=0.5
Accept-Encoding: gzip,deflate
Accept-Charset: ISO-8859-1,utf-8;q=0.7,*;q=0.7
Keep-Alive: 300
Connection: keep-alive
Cookie: PHPSESSID=r2t5uvjq435r4q7ib3vtdjq120
Pragma: no-cache
Cache-Control: no-cache

What are the processes that happen when you type “http://somesite.com/some/page.html” into a browser?

The browser sends an HTTP request to the server of the site, asking for the information, or HTML page
titled page.html. The server then receives this request and will send the HTML page back to the client 
side to display on the web page.